fix(librarian): add release related fields to state (#1630)
googleapis/librarian: doc/state-schema.md

| `source_roots`          | list   | A list of directories in the language repository where Librarian contributes code.                                                                                    | Yes      | Must not be empty, and each path must be a valid directory path. |
| `preserve_regex`        | list   | A list of regular expressions for files and directories to preserve during the copy and remove process.                                                                    | No       | Each entry must be a valid regular expression. |
| `remove_regex`          | list   | A list of regular expressions for files and directories to remove before copying generated code. If not set, this defaults to the `source_roots`. A more specific `preserve_regex` takes precedence. | No       | Each entry must be a valid regular expression. |

> | `release_exclude_paths` | list   | A list of directories to exclude from the release.                                                                                                                    | No       | Each entry must be a valid directory path.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `release_exclude_libraries` | list   | A list of libraries to exclude from the release.                                                                                                                    | No       | Each entry must be a valid directory path.     |
```

Should this be libraries? If path is correct, please can you share an example in the comment to clarify when we would want to exclude specific paths, as opposed to libraries?

Author: It is `release_exclude_paths` according to [go/librarian:release-command](http://goto.google.com/librarian:release-command). I'd suggest port this discussion over to the doc for visibility.
